<!--
I bring you Best Inventory Guy, BIG for short. I thought this was great because this best inventory
guy is small. At least small enough to fit in your phone. This will be the introduction to the app
as it gives a face to the app. Most people who use Android might be familiar with this robot guy;
by making him the face of the app it becomes something that those people would already be familiar
with. This might make it easier for them to accept it over other apps that might have an icon
they were unfamiliar with.

The other things that will be included in the description would be the things the app does or the
features. The Best Inventory Guy app is a great way to store and sort your inventory for whatever
project you may have. Just like the BIG, it works for you. On every page, we can see BIG trying to help
you through your day. For example, he's on the login screen to assist when you don’t know your password.
Once logged in he's there watching over your inventory, so it doesn’t get lost. And on the settings screen,
he’s there to make sure your settings don’t change without your permission.
PS you didn’t tell him your password, so how would he know.

When developing the app I opted to use Android 8 as that covered the requirements of the app and though
there could be some potential security risks involved due to the older version, the scope of the app doesn’t
have any direct privacy concerns to me, should no personal information be entered into it. This is also as the
permissions that it’s given in your device itself being SMS. If no other permissions are being requested or used
by the app, it could lower the potential risks of using the older version because the app doesn’t have access
to your phone either.

That being said, the only permissions that the app asks for are to send and receive SMS. Even receive
might not be totally necessary for the scope of the app though. These are the only permissions that
the app asks for and the only ones that it uses. They aren’t even needed in the current version of
the app, as I haven’t figured out notification channels for it. Due to this, I instead used Toast
dialog boxes that will serve to notify the user if an item reaches zero. There is also a visual
indication that the item has reached zero, being that the amount number turns red. The item with the
least amount also goes to the top of the list to make it more noticeable.

One way for making money from the app would be to have ads. I like the idea of having ads that
the user can choose to watch. I’ve always hated when I’m trying to use an app that while it was
free, if I have to watch an ad every five minutes, I’m just not going to use the app. This is why
I think it would be a good idea to make ads optional. Give the users an option to either watch an
ad or give a donation to BIG if they think the app is worth their money. This way the app is free
for everyone and if they use it and like it they can support its further development.

I could also include some things like accessories for BIG that the user can buy for him that would
have no impact on the performance but a nice touch to make the app more personal. This was an easier
decision than if the app had cost me anything other than time, as there were no high costs to make
the initial app, I didn’t need to worry too much about how much it made. If the goal was to make money,
then you could make some simple apps that follow the same logic as this one and maybe have BIG be
working different jobs. Maybe if the accounts were stored on a different server or database, we
could remember who made what purchases and they could carry over.

Either way, this decision would be good. If we did carry over purchases it would be better for
winning over the user as it gives them an incentive to continue using our apps in the future as
they are invested before even downloading. It also shows the user that we value their money as
much as they do. This is why I think having them carry over would be better than having them re-purchase
things they already have in a different app. As I’ve played games and used different apps,
I’ve always hated this. That's why I don’t plan on making the user buy the same thing multiple
times for no real reason. All this also goes towards creating an environment for our apps that
the user can become familiar with. The good and bad of this is that for this to work we need to
have similar quality and style through all the apps we make in the future.
-->
